good afternoon today we will cook very
interesting salad with pancakes for
cooking salad will need 2 eggs
mayonnaise 2 spoons for pancakes and for
dressing salad some green onions 30
Gram Cheese Hard
greens and tomatoes in my body
go a few pieces but in general by
recipe 23 normal size tomato
make the dough for pancakes and two spoons
mayonnaise melted
but
Now load two tablespoons mayonnaise 2 eggs
BelAZ dough so rare and now
I liked to fry the pan
on biol of sky long pan
pancakes successfully fried in my three
pancake get tomatoes cut
finely boarded for eight pieces
and for such normal tomatoes in half
into four parts here by 8 and still like this
here so here
nice little cut calling for everything
i have six chery tomatoes
well enough two or three green
onion i have three stalk here see
more less like too little cheese
rubbed on a large terochka but I have it
not very large tune and mediocre 40
gram cheese will cut dill and a little
pancakes have cooled
I lay on the squares noodles
cut as you like
can such a long
and in half straws type can
pancakes are cut into squares well
2 salt we pepper to taste here a little
salt pepper black ground
so we do not force
it's beautiful all by yourself
salad ready
highly
come to my channel
use my recipes
how easier bon appetit